README.md, before:

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karthikjavvaji23/karthikjavvaji23/output/snake.svg" alt="Snake animation" />

###

<h3 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Karthik Javvaji<br>Data Analyst | BI Developer | Power BI | Python | Forecasting | Machine Learning<br><br>I’m passionate about using data to solve real business problems. I specialize in Power BI dashboards, forecasting with Prophet, ETL pipelines, and storytelling through analytics.<br>I enjoy transforming complex datasets into clear insights that support decision-making across sales, finance, and customer analytics.</h3>

###

<div align="left">
  <a href="mailto:karthikjavvaji18@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/gmail/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="gmail logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/javvajikarthik/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/linkedin/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a>
</div>

###

Commit message:

Update README with GitHub Snake animation details
Added GitHub Snake animation configuration to README.

README.md, after:

- uses: Platane/snk@v3
  with:
    # github user name to read the contribution graph from (**required**)
    # using action context var `github.repository_owner` or specified user
    github_user_name: ${{ github.repository_owner }}

    # list of files to generate.
    # one file per line. Each output can be customized with options as query string.
    #
    #  supported options:
    #  - palette:           A preset of color, one of [github, github-dark, github-light]
    #  - color_snake:       Color of the snake
    #  - color_dots:        Coma separated list of dots color.
    #                       The first one is 0 contribution, then it goes from the low contribution to the highest.
    #                       Exactly 5 colors are expected.
    #  - color_background:  Color of the background (for gif only)
    outputs: |
      dist/github-snake.svg
      dist/github-snake-dark.svg?palette=github-dark
      dist/ocean.gif?color_snake=orange&color_dots=#bfd6f6,#8dbdff,#64a1f4,#4b91f1,#3c7dd9&color_background=#aaaaaa
###

<h3 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Karthik Javvaji<br>Data Analyst | BI Developer | Power BI | Python | Forecasting | Machine Learning<br><br>I’m passionate about using data to solve real business problems. I specialize in Power BI dashboards, forecasting with Prophet, ETL pipelines, and storytelling through analytics.<br>I enjoy transforming complex datasets into clear insights that support decision-making across sales, finance, and customer analytics.</h3>

###

<div align="left">
  <a href="mailto:karthikjavvaji18@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/gmail/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="gmail logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/javvajikarthik/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/maurodesouza/profile-readme-generator/master/src/assets/icons/social/linkedin/default.svg" width="52" height="40" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a>
</div>

###
